(The closed school looks really scary...)
Choerry: It's really scary here
HaSeul: I think ghosts might live here...
HaSeul: When we go inside there, they will stick to us and say like 'why are you guys so happy?'
Choerry: (Queen of positivity) No~ Please think it in a positive way!
Choerry: I think... The ghost would think well of me~
Choerry: And... the ghost could say like 'Cheer up, you're doing well~!'
(But...)
(The real problem they face is a mosquito, not a ghost!)
Kim Lip: Oh no, Mosquitoes!
Kim Lip: I've got a mosquito bite on my face, too!
Choerry: Don't touch...
(Of course, staffs are having the same problems...)
(Here is the 1st Jeju Mosquito Festival!)
Choerry: Mosquito prevention measure!
Choerry : Shake your body like this~!
'How about to change your representative animal to a mosquito?'
Choerry: Buzzing
HaSeul: (Breaking News) I can't open the window for a a long time because there are too many mosquitoes!
HaSeul: You know? Mosquitoes bit Kim Lip over 20 times!
HaSeul: The place for Choerry's MV shooting is far away from here! She has to go now!
HaSeul:  HOWEVER, we're gonna just stay here and rest until the shooting ends!!
HaSeul: Cheer up, Choerry!!!
Kim Lip: Cheer up, Choerry!
Choerry: I can do!
(Choery's representative animal is a fruit bat. So... she might be okay...)